We have a strange illusion that mere time cancels sin. But mere time does nothing either to the fact or to the guilt of a sin.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far today, I have finished 2 bags of M&M`s and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.
Half a truth is often a great lie.
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands.
The Constitution is not an instrument for the government to restrain the people, it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government -- lest it come to dominate our lives and interests.
From the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire, let freedom ring. From the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring. From the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania, let freedom ring. But not only that: Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Prosperity is the measure or touchstone of virtue, for it is less difficult to bear misfortune than to remain uncorrupted by pleasure.
The more you read about politics, you got to admit that each party is worse than the other.
Just the omission of Jane Austen`s books alone would make a fairly good library out of a library that hadn`t a book in it.
An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.
Beware how you take away hope from another human being.
Marriage is a duel to the death which no man of honour should decline.
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.
Ignore death up to the last moment; then, when it can`t be ignored any longer, have yourself squirted full of morphia and shuffle off in a coma. Thoroughly sensible, humane and scientific, eh?
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
Take from the church the miraculous, the supernatural, the incomprehensible, the unreasonable, the impossible, the unknowable, the absurd, and nothing but a vacuum remains.
Power over a man`s subsistence is power over his will.
The puritanism of Christianity has played havoc with the moderation that an enlightened and tolerant critical spirit would have produced. I`ve noticed that in whatever country, county, town, or other region there is a regulation enjoining temperance, the population seems to be entirely composed of teetotallers and drunkards. There`s a Bible on that shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire - poison and antidote.
Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
If there were no God, there would be no Atheists.
It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light, and certainly not desirable, as one`s hat keeps blowing off.
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
Saturate yourself with your subject and the camera will all but take you by the hand.
Familiarity breeds contempt - and children.
Heaven have mercy on us all--Presbyterians and Pagans alike--for we are all dreadfully cracked about the head and desperately in need of mending.
The difference between Los Angeles and yogurt is that yogurt comes with less fruit.
I`m afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.
Money buys you everything except the chance to do it again.
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all thirty feet tall.
I think, at a child`s birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
It`s a phonetic language. Anything can make sense. How do you think Dr. Seuss wrote any of that sh*t?
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit.
Wise men argue causes, and fools decide them.
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
It ain`t the parts of the Bible that I can`t understand that bother me, it is the parts that I do understand.
A `geek` by definition is someone who eats live animals....I`ve never eaten live animals.
No virtuous act is quite as virtuous from the standpoint of our friend or foe, as from our own. Therefore, we are saved by the final form of love which is forgiveness.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right.
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year. And yet, for all that, when it speaks, its voice has strong authority.
Whenever science makes a discovery, the devil grabs it while the angels are debating the best way to use it.
Don`t you wish you had a job like mine? All you have to do is think up a certain number of words! Plus, you can repeat words! And they don`t even have to be true!
When angry, count ten before you speak; if very angry, a hundred.
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be.
A man never tells you anything until you contradict him.
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
Perspective is worth 80 IQ Points - Alan Kay
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
The Internet was done so well that most people think of it as a natural resource like the Pacific Ocean, rather than something that was man-made. When was the last time a technology with a scale like that was so error-free? The Web, in comparison, is a joke. The Web was done by amateurs. - Alan Kay